>> Brian Holt: So
I have a little exercise for you.
Let's go back to our browser here,
and we're going
to go to
frontendmasters.github/io/bootcamp.
>> Brian Holt: Come back
to the Boot Camp site.
Come down to Programming Fundamentals.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna do a little CodePen here.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna click here,
Edit on CodePen to open this in CodePen.
>> Brian Holt: So what I want you to do,
I want you to combine two of the things
that we've talked about so far,
which is string concatenation.
>> Brian Holt: And
I want you to do a loop and
you can do either a while loop or
a for loop.
>> Brian Holt: So basically the idea is
you're gonna have some character here,
so you can have const character = f or
something that.
>> Brian Holt: This is
probably the smallest.
Let's make that a lot bigger.
>> Brian Holt: And const timesToRepeat.
Go with something like 5.
And then I want you to write a for
loop here or
a while loop here that will
take this character and
add itself to itself that many times.
So that I end up with a string like f,
f, f, f, f five times.
So that whenever I say, let myString or
something like that,
>> Brian Holt: This
is called an empty string right
here which you probably will need.
An empty string is a string with
no characters in it, right?
So it's not undefined, it is a string,
the string just has nothing in it.
>> Brian Holt: You're
gonna put your code here.
>> Brian Holt: Some sort of loop.
>> Brian Holt: I don't care.
And then, at the end, I want you to be
able to console.log(myString) here.
And that will log out f, f, f, f.
>> Brian Holt: Or let's do t,
or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: Makes sense, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I was just wondering.
Earlier, you pointed out that
when it's a constant you
use a different way of labeling,
like all capitals?
And here you're not doing that, so is it
not used that much in the real world?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, it would be more
things that are like fixed in the physical
world, like months in a year.
That's never gonna change, right?
It's more, or like the, I don't know,
days in a month or something like that.
Not necessarily something
like a variable here, right.
So I wouldn't make this in screaming case,
right.
That's why it's called screaming case.
Does that make sense?
>> Speaker 2: Because it could be a,
or b, or c?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, and
it could change at a later date, right?
Months and years, never gonna change.